How can I live as a religious person I understand and how I can live?
What to leave in order to gradually re-live the agony head records go back to the village
If you'd like to wish the forehead negative word went to ero For Audi stand overeating braking acceleration
uh
Section name is Bruno monks are not alone, I strabismus yireonde care for monks
Oh, it's nothing very welcome to us
You know you can do from dawn chanting the believers from one duty cleaning for example, such a life
And find a way to find a mentor and tteodolge the world did that come out three
How do people from other countries live and study their minds ?
So how to overcome the pain and difficulties from another
I see these things in my own eyes.
It's been another year for over 10 years .
Then cosmic view Then one day, for example, for Now Well now India, Nepal
I went to the Himalayas now.
When I trekked, I was tired of language and time.
Deoraguyo value not just guide the selpa example given load current is also replaced before the fall
What Lotta wearing male clothes presbyopia plant Slippers 1 shoes I am also the report
I did, but I was reluctant to market .
That we, like Mt. Seorak, pass a few of those heads like a sleeveless head
Somewhere, I was standing up and sweeping over to Park Rock.
8 Let's get in the front and back and laugh.
I come in front of the restraint, I put the cardboard on my knees,
10 Horses Give me a vulture of flowers.
A revelation of that violet laughter laughs, and the horse takes a picture.
But I encourage him with my eyes.
Come on, this is the moment when I realized a great deal of enlightenment.
But the tears turned pinging.
Those who have nothing to do with the South
Yes. Just work hard all day and spend a few minutes.
But to comfort me, I will give all of them a flower like this,
I was so upset.
And then, what I thought was religion
People who are struggling are just giving up.
And when someone is tough, it's hard to knock on your shoulder.
Yes, I'm locked in. So I just need to say this.
I have never had any more reason to do so around the world
I am looking for my breasts and earn a living today.
Hey, you say, id is a sutra.
4. Do not give me ah conflict, 80000
So I thought I was a judge .
Why is it that love is the price of the father?
I just do not know that 3
Talking about the Geumgang, he said that even if there is a strong opposition to the tunnel and the child
Actually, I think I 'm a mom.
So the fact that they are trivial in qualifying,
In addition, you can import some changes coming very silent on the critical spirit that hanten
Even if it was planned that one
Yet, Seoul National University pomfret
Now that my words now what Dr. meet the patient
Uh, just where did these activities are people who have admitted to the hospital ward and in the
Pray for those who are just hoping to kill cycle and also yireoneunde just come hand
I'll get you one of these things.
Then I'm tired now because I'm a person too.
Doeseo example came in the Section 11 pm at any time, then rushed ringing ringing
Will
I like your monk before you go into surgery.
I can give a go at me for talking so then I kkakka makka
I like agony. Do not go past me .
I 'm getting the phone cord pulled out in Korean
It's ringing ringing
I think it's been over a day, so I think I'll be there when people need it.
If you do not have to write all of that is really what this thing does not see that 4
The next day, this man's heart has already entered surgery.
From that moment on, I changed my life style a little bit.
So now take saneunge not sleep stretched linen danghaeseo sleeping bus
Jolrimyeon sleep coming
I went to the patients with this thought as I put the head ahead of time in advance .